Added config_drive description to docs (#66)
nttcom/terraform-provider-ecl: website/docs/r/compute_instance_v2.html.markdown

* `user_data` - (Optional) The user data to provide when launching the instance.
    Changing this creates a new server.
    

> * `config_drive` - (Optional) true is specified, can set to write metadata
>     to the ephemeral drive. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `config_drive` - (Optional) If true is specified, a configuration drive will be mounted 
    to enable metadata injection in the server. Defaults to false.
```

Author: Thank you. I fixed it like this.
